♪♪
-♪ Ooh, ooh-ooh ♪
♪ Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh ♪
♪ It's a cruel, cruel world
to face on your own ♪
♪ A heavy cross to carry along ♪
♪ It's a funny way
to make ends meet ♪
♪ When the lights are out
on every street ♪
♪ It feels alright
but never complete ♪
♪ Without joy ♪
♪♪
♪ I checked you ♪
♪ If it's already been done,
undo it ♪
♪♪
♪ It takes two ♪
♪ It's up to me and you
to prove it ♪
♪♪
♪ On the rainy nights,
even the coldest days ♪
♪ You're moments ago ♪
♪ But seconds away ♪
♪ Ooh, ooh, ooh-ooh ♪
♪ Ohh, ohh... ♪
♪♪
-How'd you sleep,
Lieutenant?
- You want me to lie to you?
- Sort of.
-Fantastic. Like a baby.
♪♪
-Good morning, Detective.
- Good morning.
- Lieutenant slept great.
-I didn't ask.
And, no, she did not.
♪♪
-Mason puts Anthony Acosta's
death between 3:00 and 5:00 p.m.
-Confirmation of shotgun?
-It's the murder weapon.
- Hm.
- Next of kin?
-Primary suspect... the wife,
Lynette Acosta... vanished.
They have one daughter, Letty.
Studying up at Santa Cruz.
Should be on her way
down here now.
-You gave her the news.
♪♪
So... how do we find the wife?
-Only other next of kin
is the sister.
Sofia Bellier.
Who did this?
Hey!
Who did this?!
Who changed our board?!
A man is dead.
Our primary suspect is missing.
This is not a joke.
Daphne...
I want to know who did this.
Mom!
-No, we don't need
a magazine about castles.
Put it back.
Unh-unh.
- It's just lip gloss!
-You know, I watched
a documentary the other night.
We can make our own lip gloss
out of beeswax.
-Like when we made our own
detergent and all got rashes?
-That could have been
foot-and-mouth. We don't know.
Why can't you be
more like your sister?
-She just tried
to eat deodorant.
-Look how happy she is!
-Alright.
Your grand total is one...
-$168.47.
-$173.81.
Good guess, though.
-Yeah, it's... it's $168.47.
-Sorry. It's one hun...
-Oh, maybe you missed a coupon.
Uh, 30% off detergent
at $7.87.
That's $2.36.
For a total of $5.51.
15% off strawberries.
That's 84 cents.
And up to two,
so you can scan this one twice.
Okay. 35% off canola oil
at $7.88.
$5.13 total.
Oh. Okay.
I was worried about this one
because I had a little
falling-out
with the Groupon people,
but I apologized.
We were supposed to be good.
-That one scanned.
-$3.12 more then.
The ham expires tomorrow,
so we get 40% off.
That is $6.15.
Yeah, the total is $168.47.
♪♪
$4.99 plus tax is $5.34.
$173.81 minus $5.34
is $168.47.
Thank you.
♪♪
Who the hell is this?
-When are we getting
the car back?
-Do you have any idea
how much carburetors cost?
-$395.95.
-Now plus tax.
- $420.89.
- Plus labor.
-Uh, I don't know
how much labor costs.
- Nobody does.
- Stop showing off. Both of you.
You can pay for groceries
like a normal person.
You don't have to perform.
-It's not on purpose.
I just see the numbers.
I can't help it.
Oh, this is our stop.
Driver, can you put out
the disabled ramp?!
Ask him to put out
the disabled ramp.
- No.
- Driver!
-Mom!
♪♪
- Ohh!
-Whoops. Can you grab...
-Ugh!
-Whew! Whoops!
I'll see you inside.
- Okay.
-Don't even offer to help.
-I got it, I got it.
-It's okay, Henry. I can manage.
Thank you.
-Come on.
-Unh! Don't break your old body.
I can't afford to lose
a babysitter right now.
-Your concern is truly touching.
Have you heard from Ludo?
-We talk every day, Henry.
We co-parent.
We're not enemies.
We're just not together anymore.
-Does he ever ask about me?
-All the time.
He says losing you
is the hardest part.
It's for the best,
and you know it.
Ludo can't handle me.
- Few can.
-Morgan Gillory.
I'm Detective Karadec.
This is Detective Ozdil.
We need you to come
down to the station.
♪♪
-Sometimes the music
takes control.
-Tampering with a criminal case
is a serious crime.
- So is obstruction of justice.
- I wasn't tampering.
I saw a problem
and I tried to fix it.
- You were trying to help us?
- No. I don't care about you.
I wanted to be able to sleep.
I have a... compulsion
to put things right.
If I see a mistake,
I need to correct it.
Otherwise, I'm up all night
obsessing.
That's all I was doing,
cleaning up your mess.
You want to arrest me for that?
Fine. Go ahead.
-You got it.
-What mistakes did you see?
-Okay. So...
you've got a dead body.
I'm assuming you think
this lady offed her husband,
but that's not possible.
Look at this room.
Look at this couch.
All of these pillows are evenly
spaced with alternating colors.
Check out these shelves.
Those objects
are perfectly sized.
Even the choice of metals
is consistent.
This house is immaculate.
The owner is a tidiness freak,
except...
All of these curtains
are fastened with a tieback
except for one,
for some reason.
That's odd, isn't it?
You're telling me this woman
who meticulously arranges
her couch pillows
doesn't care about her curtains?
So the tieback must have
been used for something else.
See, look. You've got hairs
stuck to the chair leg.
Somebody put tape around it,
ripped it off.
The glue stayed
and trapped the little bits.
The samples are at the lab.
We found no tape at the scene.
-That means someone was
tied up with the curtain cord
and taped to the chair
around their ankles.
And... since there are no marks
on the victim's wrist,
it wasn't him who was tied up,
which means
there was a third person.
We have Lynette
tied to the chair,
victim on the ground,
and our unknown bondage freak,
who has either kidnapped
or bumped off Lynette.
That's the person
you need to find.
So... you guys made mistakes.
I fixed them.
Let's not make a big deal
out of this.
You got a suspect to find.
I have some expired ham
to fry up before tomorrow,
so if you will excuse me.
-Sit down.
Let's wait for the lab results.
For now,
this is just speculation.
-We have
the surveillance footage.
A woman was seen entering the
house at the time of the murder.
-The third person!
-Oz, please escort Miss Gillory
to the holding cell.
- What?!
- We have to check your story out.
-If it all checks out, then you
have nothing to worry about.
-Yeah.
I know how to stand. Thanks.
I was just cleaning up
your mess!
You're welcome!
-Since when do you show
an open case file to a civilian,
a potential suspect?
-Can you refute
anything she said?
Well, we have to be sure.
Because if she's right...
-Then we currently have
a botched homicide investigation
with no leads.
And, even worse...
-We have a second victim.
-Hello?!
Hi.
-This is footage
from the Acosta house
at the approximate time
of the murder.
- Who is she?
- Lishka Zhang.
A few months ago,
she filed a civil lawsuit
against one of
Lynette Acosta's clients.
Acosta won the case.
It appears Zhang
didn't take it well.
She started sending
threatening e-mails to Acosta.
♪♪
-Miss Zhang,
three months ago,
you sued Brian Dimon,
your boss
at Spatial Technologies.
-He harassed me. For months.
I ran out of ways
to tell him no.
So, one night, he...
locked me in his office
and assaulted me.
I reported it to the police.
I'm sure you have that
in your file.
"Insufficient evidence."
Couldn't file criminal charges,
so I sued him.
-And you lost.
Is that why you've been
sending Lynette Acosta
threatening e-mails?
-I was just questioning
why Lynette Acosta
chose to be complicit in
the suffering of women like me.
- You were angry at Mrs. Acosta.
- Of course.
-Even though Dimon
was the one who assaulted you?
-Oh, I am angry with him, too,
but the police failed me
on that front.
-What were you doing
at Acosta's house yesterday?
-I wasn't at her house
yesterday.
-We have you on video.
And 30 minutes
after you arrived,
Anthony Acosta was dead.
-That's impossible. No. No.
I-I wasn't there yesterday.
I was at home, all day, working.
-Can anyone confirm that?
-No.
-You're clear. Just need to
sign your paperwork,
and you're good to go.
-She claims to know nothing
about Lynette's whereabouts,
but Zhang has no alibi,
we have her at the scene,
and we have motive.
-Once we make the arrest,
we'll lean on her
for Lynette's location.
Start writing it up.
- Yeah.
-The video has the wrong date
on the timestamp.
-This doesn't concern you
anymore.
-Great.
-Wait.
What are you talking about?
-That's not from yesterday.
Look at the trees.
The wind is blowing
from south to north.
Wind in the L.A. Basin blows
from the south in the summer,
specifically mid-July
to September.
Then, in late fall,
winds shift in from the north,
peaking in January.
So that's got to be
from several months ago.
-How do you know
which way the wind is blowing?
-Have you even looked
at your footage?
You got a church.
Churches face east!
Okay.
Uh, around the 8th century,
priests started orienting
their churches facing east.
They said it was
based off the designs
for the Holy Temple
in Jerusalem,
but it's also possible that they
wanted the sunrise behind them
to make themselves appear
more godlike and impressive.
But that's not something
we need to get into right now.
-All churches face east?
And can't the wind
change direction?
-Catholic churches built here
in the 1800s do, so, yes.
And the wind
was definitely blowing
from the north yesterday.
Aah!
-She's right. On both counts.
-Someone doctored the video.
-See ya!
Good Lord.
-Wait!
How do you do that?
-Like I told you,
I don't sleep much.
I watch a lot of documentaries.
-That doesn't
remotely explain this.
-I also have an IQ of 160,
so that might have
something to do with it,
but you can learn a lot
from a good documentary.
You'd be surprised.
It's a high IQ. We get it.
Can I go now?
-I know a lot of
really smart people.
They're not you.
-The technical term is
"High Potential Intellectual."
It means you have
advanced cognitive abilities,
intellectual creativity,
photographic memory,
stuff like that.
But I don't know.
I've just always been this way.
-So it's some sort of a gift?
-No, not a gift.
I obsess over
every little problem I see.
My mind is constantly
spinning out of control,
which makes it impossible
to hold a job,
relationship, a conversation.
Not a gift.
♪♪
- Morgan!
- Ludo? What are you doing here?
-Elliot called me and told me
you were arrested again.
-I was not technically
arrested this time.
-Oh, well, great.
That's a relief.
Who's watching our children?
-Hey. Take it somewhere else.
I'd love to,
but you're standing
right in the way.
Why are you looking at him?
- Yeah, please don't look at me.
- Take her out of here.
- He's not taking me anywhere.
He is a driver's-ed instructor.
-That's not really relevant
right now.
-It is if you show up
in your rehearsal car,
which I will not
be caught dead in.
-I don't care.
Put a muzzle on her, or I will.
-Oh, that's not
what you should say.
-Oh, did you say...
Don't touch me, okay?!
- Morgan. Morgan.
- Okay. That's fine.
I'm not gonna...
- She's gonna break!
Get off me!
- Always fun to see you, Morgan.
- Don't start.
-Hey, how much longer
is this gonna take?
Do you have any idea
how expensive child care is
these days?
-What, you're paying Henry now?
-No, but she doesn't
have to know that.
Henry misses you, by the way.
-Ohh.
♪♪
-Letty Acosta,
I'm Detective Karadec.
We spoke on the phone.
I'm handling the investigation
into your father's death.
I'm very sorry for your loss.
-My mom's dead, too, isn't she?
-I don't know,
but I believe that
she's out there and she's alive,
and I will not stop looking
until I find her.
But I need your help, Letty.
The more you can tell me,
the faster we can move.
-Mom's been having a hard time.
She had a colleague at work.
She killed herself.
I think Mom felt guilty
about it.
-Who was this colleague?
-I don't know, but she wrote Mom
a letter a couple weeks back,
and after that,
Mom started to spiral.
-What did the letter say?
-She wouldn't tell me,
but it shook her up bad.
That's really
when all this started.
-Do you know where your mom
might keep a letter
like that, Letty?
-If it's not at the house,
it would be in her office.
-And you don't know who sent it?
-Only her first name.
It was, um, Sarah.
-Because it's material evidence
into a homicide investigation.
I understand. I understand.
Yes, sir.
Thank you. It's no use.
Lynette Acosta is
a defense attorney.
There's no way
we're gonna get a warrant
to search her law offices
based on the vague mention
of a letter
from someone named Sarah.
-I'm gonna go down
to their offices
and appeal to their
better nature.
-I don't like our odds.
-Neither do I, Selena, but we
have to try everything, right?
A woman is missing,
and we're desperate here.
-Take Morgan Gillory with you.
If it wasn't for her,
we'd be nowhere.
We'd still be treating Lynette
as the primary suspect.
-What is she supposed to do?
-Same thing she's been doing...
spot the things
my detectives miss.
To be fair,
I missed them, too.
- Look...
- This isn't a debate, Adam.
-Looks like I'm gonna
be stuck here
a little bit longer
than I thought.
♪♪
Just tell him I love him,
and I'll be home as soon
as I can, okay?
Thank you, Henry.
I really owe you.
Are you Letty?
I'm so sorry about everything
that's happened.
-Thanks.
Sorry, who are you?
-Oh, it's a long story.
I saw your file.
They're gonna find your mom.
-You can't know that.
Sorry, everyone keeps
saying the same thing.
"Don't give up hope."
My dad's dead.
Now my mom's gone.
So what am I supposed to do?
♪♪
-Yeah.
Do you have any pictures of her?
♪♪
-This one,
she just sent me two days ago.
-Wow, she's beautiful.
-It's the last photo
I have of her.
-You know what's
really helpful for me?
It is to think
of the little moments.
Think of your mom's laugh.
Think about her favorite foods.
You're gonna have to redirect
your brain
when you think about her.
Otherwise, you're just
gonna drive yourself crazy
while you wait.
-You lost someone?
-I did, yeah, a long time ago.
-Miss Acosta,
they're ready for you.
♪♪
-Hey, did you ever find them?
-No.
- Well, I'm sorry.
- Thank you.
-So the way I see it, we're
looking at evidence tampering,
assault on an officer, battery.
Even if we knock it
down to misdemeanors,
you're still looking at
six months' minimum
and thousands in fines.
-Did you really think
this was gonna work?
You're gonna, what,
intimidate me into helping you?
If you'd like my help,
you should just ask me nicely.
-A woman is missing.
Please help us find her.
♪♪
-You got it.
-Here's what we know. Anthony
Acosta died yesterday afternoon.
The last time
anyone saw Lynette,
however, was two days ago
at her law office.
-Okay, but I'm wondering,
who made this case board?
Because this is a lot of work.
Also, I am banned
from Hobby Lobby.
-Their daughter, Letty,
believes that one
of Lynette's client,
identified only as Sarah,
wrote a letter causing
significant tension
between her parents.
We're gonna talk to the firm,
but only after we interview
Lynette's sister...
-Because she's the last person
who spoke to Lynette,
which I learned
from looking at this case board.
Also, guys, I just figured out
this gentleman in the corner,
he's the one.
He makes the case boards.
Why aren't we moving?
♪♪
-Okay, let's be very clear.
You are not gonna say
anything.
You are not gonna touch
anything,
and you are not
going to do anything.
-Right, right.
I should probably be
strapped in case things pop off.
-I'm serious, do nothing.
-You can take my bedroom,
and I'll sleep on the couch.
-Sofia, did your sister
mention anyone from
her professional circle who may
have died of suicide recently?
Someone named Sarah?
- Doesn't sound familiar.
-Uh, she wrote Lynette a letter.
Uh, we believe something in it
caused her distress.
-Sorry.
Could you put that down?
It's breakable.
- She said nothing?
I get the Sarah part.
Every third woman's
name is Sarah these days.
But if somebody writes
my sister a letter
and then she offs herself, she's
probably gonna say something.
I don't have a sister,
but you get it.
-Sorry, who is she?
-She is consulting for us.
When was the last time
you spoke to your sister?
-Two days ago.
She called to wish me luck
with my presentation.
-You're a biologist?
-Um, yeah, I had a PhD defense,
um, in front of my peers.
I was nervous,
and she calmed me down.
You can read that
from over there?
-I only read half of it.
Biology's boring.
Is that
where you were yesterday?
At your presentation?
- Morgan.
- From like 3:00 to 5:00 p.m.?
- Stop it.
-I'm just asking
about her alibi.
My goodness, you'd think
he's never done this before.
-If you can't keep
your mouth shut,
please treat our witnesses
with some compassion,
particularly grieving members
of the victim's family.
-You don't think the Sarah
thing was a little weird?
If you died today,
I'm telling people about it,
and I've only known you
for, like, four hours.
-We have to get our hands
on that letter.
-Yes, exactly. Let's do it.
-We will ask Emery Walker
to search Acosta's office.
You will wait in the car.
-If I get in that back seat,
he's gonna lock me
in the car, isn't he?
- Probably.
- What am I even doing here?
Do you want my help or not?
No, I do not.
-I thought I made
that absolutely clear.
I think this whole idea is
moronic,
and I am praying that you
will just quit a...
and walk away.
Okay, let's confirm
the sister's alibi.
You go to the university,
talk to her colleagues,
and I'll deal with Emery Walker.
-What about her?
-Not our problem anymore.
-Detective Karadec,
it is my personal desire
to assist your investigation
in any way possible,
but as you can understand,
I must also represent
the interests of my law firm.
-But your partner's
life might be in danger.
-And if you return
with a warrant,
I'll be happy to comply.
♪♪
- Hello, bathroom friend.
- Jesus!
What are you doing in here?
-I figured I'd find you
in here after the meeting.
Did you think
that I wouldn't notice
you compulsively washing
your hands
like some sort of clean freak?
You do know that's a cry
for help, right?
- You can't be here.
- Oh, I know.
Imagine what a men's room is
like for somebody
who notices every little detail.
Calm down.
Found the Sarah letter.
-What? How?
-Oh, I broke into her office
and took it.
♪♪
Read the letter.
Sarah Atkinson was a paralegal
on the Brian Dimon case,
and guess what?
Brian Dimon assaulted her also.
It's all in there.
Same pattern as before.
She begs Acosta to take
action against her client.
I figure Lynette Acosta had
a crisis of conscience,
was gonna turn on Dimon,
so he did something about it.
We have motive.
We have a serial criminal.
Let's go arrest him.
- Stop!
You have no idea
what you have done.
We have nothing here.
This letter is inadmissible.
I can't have this
in my possession.
-What? You're gonna let
him go on a technicality?
-No, these are
not technicalities.
These are laws,
principles that I have devoted
my entire life to protecting.
-Jesus, I thought
my life was sad.
-Your life is sad.
You've got shopping carts
from three
different grocery stores
in your yard.
-I wouldn't have to go to
different stores,
but Safeway has
those weird wheel locks.
-This is the law.
There is absolutely
nothing here that proves
that Brian Dimon murdered
anyone,
and even if there was,
guess what?
We can't use it in court
because,
despite what you may think,
we can't run around breaking
into offices
and arresting people at whim.
It's not how the law works.
Right now, the only clear crime
here has been committed by you
and by me
if I let you get away with it.
- But...
- Stop talking.
Okay.
This didn't happen.
You're gonna take
this letter,
and you're gonna put it
back exactly where you found it.
And if you get caught,
I'm going to arrest you myself.
-And then what?
-And then we're gonna go
talk to Brian Dimon.
-Mr. Dimon, a few months ago,
you were sued by Lishka Zhang.
- And I won.
- Yes.
Uh, she wrote to your lawyer.
In fact, he harassed me
over the course of six...
-This is my first interrogation.
What do we do?
- You don't do anything.
-Is it like a good cop,
bad cop situation?
You want me to go in there
and flip the table over?
- No.
- Hmm.
-She lost her case.
The jury saw the truth.
Lishka Zhang is simply
an employee with a grudge.
-Those seem to follow you
around.
Tell me about your relationship
with Sarah Atkinson.
-When do we get to hit him
with the phone book?
Never.
- Hey, how's it coming?
- Let's get ready for his alibi.
Give me a data print-out
for the day of the murder.
-I'm on it.
-Yeah, also tell Daphne
I took one of her lollipops,
and I feel bad about it.
- I'm not telling her that.
- I heard her, and thank you!
-I thought I was here to help
with my lawyer's disappearance,
not relitigate old claims.
-The Atkinson claims
are not old.
-Well, if there have been
new claims against me,
I'm not aware of them.
- Hmm.
- Yeah.
- I got bad news.
Dimon wasn't in town
the day of the murder.
Wasn't anywhere close.
He was in Fontana.
- You certain?
- Positive.
-Fontana? The Kentucky
of California.
Fontucky?
What the hell was he doing
in Fontana?
-Doesn't matter.
He wasn't here.
-Look at his shoes.
Those are Italian seams,
handcrafted.
Look at his watch.
That guy is not gonna
be caught dead in Fontana.
There are only two reasons
you go to Fontana.
Number one, you want to catch
hepatitis at the water park.
Number two, you have to go to
your cousin's bachelorette party
and she is on a budget.
-♪ I'm a bitch, I'm a lover ♪
-I can literally think
of a hundred other reasons
to go to Fontana.
-Okay, ask him.
Tell Karadec to ask Dimon
what he was doing in Fontana.
-My lawyer,
my friend is missing.
Please tell me you
didn't bring me in here
to rehash vague grievances
by hysterical employees.
-I understand. Let's take care
of this right now.
- Tell Karadec!
- It's not how this works.
-Hey!
Ask him about Fontana!
Hey!
- What the hell is this?
Don't say another word.
-Mr. Dimon,
thank you for your time.
-What?
No!
-Chester Emery's secretary
noted a woman dressed
"quite provocatively
for the cleaning staff"
enter Acosta's
office twice this afternoon.
What happened?
-Karadec. Karadec!
Dimon was in Fontana
on the day of the murder.
You got to ask him why.
- Stop. We're done.
This entire
idiotic experiment is finished.
-No, it doesn't make any sense.
-Stop pretending
you can do this.
It's over.
Be grateful you're not in jail.
Go back to your real life,
Morgan.
Leave this to the professionals.
♪♪
-Do you know what direction all
stairs went in medieval castles?
-Clockwise. You know why?
-To make it easier to chop
people coming up the stairs.
- Exactly.
- But what if you're left-handed?
-Well, the world
wasn't exactly built for people
who are different.
Phone away at the table, please.
Eat dinner with your family
like a normal person.
Hey.
Um, you know,
Chloe and Elliot
are gonna be with Ludo
this weekend,
so I was thinking we
could go to the park
like we used to,
get some ice cream.
-I'm not 6.
-What's going on?
-I'm...
I'm not like you and Elliot.
He's got your memory,
your weird brain,
your way of noticing everything.
-Well, you got some
of my qualities, too.
You know,
you got my rebelliousness,
my distrust of authority,
my sweet fashion sense.
- I have your worst qualities.
Ellie and Chloe have everything.
-To be fair,
Chloe's still a baby.
We don't really know
her deal yet.
-It's not what
I'm talking about.
-Ludo thinks of you
as his daughter.
-It's not the same.
-No, no, you're right.
It's not.
Honey,
your father loved you so much.
-Sure, that's why he left.
-No, it's more complicated
than that.
-It's fine, whatever.
I don't even remember him.
Who cares?
- If he could be here...
-I'm glad he's not.
I want to be alone.
♪♪
-Okay.
-Elliot, don't forget your
science project.
Ava, you can't have donuts
for breakfast.
Why are you being
a turkey today?
Here you go. Elliot.
-There's a man standing
in our yard.
-Why did you want me
to ask Dimon about Fontana?
-Come inside.
This mush needs to go
into this kid.
Dimon is not a Fontana guy.
More importantly,
I noticed something
in Sofia's apartment yesterday.
All of the little tchotchkes
on her shelves
were dusty, except for one.
Sofia was in Fontana recently.
So was Dimon.
-So what?
People go to Fontana.
- Both of them?
- ♪ I'm a goddess ♪
-What does it matter? They both
have alibis for the time of the murder.
♪♪
-Come on.
Pick up the phone, Henry!
-You can't borrow my car today.
-I don't need to borrow
your car today.
I did need to borrow
his car today,
but that's beside the point.
Just come over here!
How long does it take
for flowers to die
after you deliver them,
like wilted and brown, die?
-Depends on a few factors.
Mainly the type of flower.
- Ranunculus.
- Four days at least.
Henry...
You are a good man
and an even better florist.
Let's go!
- What?
-I'll explain on the way.
Go, go, go, go!
Grab the car seat.
-Grab the car seat.
-Dimon and Sofia
are having an affair.
He was trying to groom her
like the others,
but she was on board.
He's doing it to stay close
to Lynette
because he knows he's guilty
and he needs leverage.
- Can we run the siren?
- Absolutely not.
- Sure.
- No, no, no. Mom, no! Stop!
Not in the dropoff lot!
♪♪
-This is the LAPD.
We have an APB out
on two extreme cutie pies.
Alright. Everyone have a good
day and go, Bulldogs.
-Bye! Love you!
-So, Dimon, he learns
of Lynette's change of heart,
right? He knows this is
the end for him.
He's desperate now.
He and Sofia go to Lynette's
house to put pressure on her,
but surprise, her husband,
Anthony, is there, too,
and that is when
things quickly get out of hand.
-I...
I'm with a student.
-Oh, great, you can teach her
how to install a car seat.
Thanks, babe.
- Again, the problem...
- They both have alibis.
But what
if the murder did not happen
when we think it happened?
♪♪
Okay, Dimon and Sofia
are trying to threaten Lynette.
Noted Second Amendment
enthusiast
Anthony Acosta gets involved.
Turns out to be
not the best decision for him,
and now we've got...
...a dead body,
which is a real kick
in the nards,
'cause what are
we gonna do with Lynette?
-But how do they cover it up?
Time of death was
during Sofia's presentation.
All of her colleagues
saw her there.
♪♪
-Letty's last picture of her mom
was taken three days ago.
These flowers were fresh
and new.
They should still be pink,
but they were already dead
in the crime-scene photos.
What does Dimon do for a living?
-Security technology.
-And what does Sofia do
for a living?
-She's a botanist.
- Do you know what this room is?
- Uh...
♪♪
A greenhouse.
Yes, yes!
These are state-of-the-art
climate controls,
so Dimon turns the entire place
into one giant refrigerator.
He freezes Acosta's
body and leaves.
That night, he doctors a video
framing Lishka Zhang.
The next day, he raises
the temperature remotely,
cooking the house and completely
messing up the coroner's time
of death estimate.
-What do they do with Lynette?
-Well, if they were
gonna kill her,
they would have done that
right here.
That's the smart move.
-Well, maybe Sofia has
a hard time with that.
I mean, it is her sister.
So they kidnap her, right?
To buy themselves some time.
And where do they take her?
-Ask Dimon what he was doing
in Fontana.
-You see,
Fontana is not that far away.
It has to be relatively close.
They got to get there
and back in the same night.
-And there's no paper trail,
no charges for either of them
in that area.
So they're taking
her someplace secure,
someplace one of them owns.
-Someplace they've been meeting
up to have their affair,
someplace remote...
but familiar.
♪♪
-Lynette Acosta is gonna be
okay, thanks to you.
♪♪
It's a job offer.
Come be a consultant.
Do this full time. We need you.
♪♪
-I'm not cut out for this.
But thank you.
-If you change your mind,
you know where to find me.
♪♪
-Mom?
Mom? Mom?!
-Letty? Letty!
♪♪
-Ava, I need to talk to you
about your dad.
-Mom, no.
-You should have seen
the look on his face
when I told him I was pregnant.
- Stop it.
- He was so happy.
-Then why did he leave?
-He didn't leave.
He... He vanished.
Something happened to him.
And the police,
they never believed me,
but I know
that he would not have left you.
-Hey, but he did. He's gone.
He's been gone for 15 years,
Mom, and lying to me
about it isn't gonna help.
-Honey, I'm not lying to you.
I'm telling you that he would
not have done that to us.
-Then stop lying to yourself.
♪♪
-I want a raise.
Add 30% to your offer.
No. Add 20% and child care.
You figure that part out.
-Is that it?
-If I work for you,
you work for me, too.
I need you to find someone.
His name is Roman Sinquerra,
and he vanished 15 years ago.
The police say
that he just skipped town,
but I know that he didn't,
so I need help.
Please help me find him.
-You got a deal.
♪♪
-♪ Did you ever say it ♪